It is a commodity without Jean code if it is today is the direction amazon
Many of you are Chinese products No brand products from China
Or it is parallel import goods parallel you in
From abroad or from America or Europe
It is if there is something called an alternative to ean code and Jean action
Well if was out hand already genuine, such as in Japan it is the product Iiii
I can not sell it, right?
At that time a
You have to get permission to sell Ar- CHAN's lightning products from the exhibition application.
Hmm
In addition Oh for the exhibition allowed
Well to all
It is not enough to apply once by one, and apply for exhibition in one by one category
Must be
In order to cancel them, everything is solved with only about 10,000 yen
There is a way Well but it is I'm such that Let's get the Jean code
Also
You can get this very easily
Here's a guide to using this barcode with amazon
Buy this from Amazon
Necessary items here
Enter
And
Well as it is written here
Make the application of bar code
Just for a confectionary 1200 yen
Well, after that, it is written in the direction of that guide, so write the necessary items there
Well to the Chamber of Commerce
As much as 10,000 yen a Jean code by sending to
What
After the war you can get up to 1000 per person
Because listing will be quite easy
Please try to get it by all means